#summary DbSynchroTool details
#labels Featured,Phase-Support
#sidebar SideBar

=Home page=

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

==Introduction==

This software offers the possibility to synchronize databases hosted on different servers.

You can transfer all the tables from one to an other or just pick up some fields.

So if you need a software that selects data in a database (or table) and transfers them into an other database (or table), you are in the good place!

==Requirements==

This software has been tested on Linux (Red Hat Server, Ubuntu) and on Microsoft Windows Server 2003.

You need a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Virtual_Machine JVM] to be installed in the machine that runs the program. You can download it [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html here].

If this software does not work with your server, please contact us or [http://code.google.com/p/dbsynchro/issues/entry add an issue].

==How to use this program?==

If you want to launch the graphical version, just double click on it (or type `java -jar DbSynchroGui-x.x.jar` in a terminal).

The program is developed with [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_%28programming_language%29 Java] and can be launched like any [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JAR_%28file_format%29 jar file].

You must specify both [ConfigurationFile configuration] and [SQLFile queries] files if you run the _non graphical_ version. Besides, you can specify other option such as the logger file configuration.

===Examples===

{{{
java -jar DbSyncGui-x.x.jar
}}}

{{{
java -jar DbSync-x.x.jar --config config.xml --queries queries.sql --logger logger.properties
}}}

{{{
java -jar DbSync-x.x.jar -c config.xml -q queries.sql
}}}

*_OR_*

[http://etud.insa-toulouse.fr/~buisson/TEMP/run.png http://etud.insa-toulouse.fr/~buisson/TEMP/run.png]

==Libraries==

This software is developed with [http://www.eclipse.org/ Eclipse Indigo].

Database Synchro Tool uses:
  * [http://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2/ Apache log4j]
  * [http://kenai.com/projects/javamail JavaMail]
  * [http://www.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/ MySQL Connector]
  * [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/sqlserver/aa937724 Microsoft JDBC Driver for SQL Server]
  * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swing_%28Java%29 Swing for the graphical version]