 * [MainPage Version 1.4]
  * [MainPage#Introduction Introduction]
  * [MainPage#Requirements Requirements]
  * [MainPage#How_to_use_this_program? How to use this program?]
  * [MainPage#Libraries Libraries]
  * [Downloads Downloads]
   * [Download_1_4#Graphical_Version Graphical Version]
   * [Download_1_4#Version_1.4 Version 1.4]
  * [ConfigurationFile_1_4 Configuration file]
   * [ConfigurationFile_1_4#Introduction Introduction]
   * [ConfigurationFile_1_4#How_to_write_the_configuration_file? How to write the configuration file?]
   * [ConfigurationFile_1_4#Database_description Database description]
   * [ConfigurationFile_1_4#Email_notification_description Email notification description]
   * [ConfigurationFile_1_4#Complete_configuration_file_example Complete configuration file example]
  * [SQLFile_1_4 SQL file]
   * [SQLFile_1_4#Introduction Introduction]
   * [SQLFile_1_4#How_to_write_the_SQL_file? How to write the SQL file?]
    * [SQLFile_1_4#Source_statements Source statements]
    * [SQLFile_1_4#Target_statements Target statements]
   * [SQLFile_1_4#Complete_SQL_file_example Complete SQL file example]
  * [Logger_1_4 Logger]
   * [Logger_1_4#Introduction Introduction]
   * [Logger_1_4#How_to_use_it? How to use it?]
   * [Logger_1_4#Files Files]
 * [Version1_3 Version 1.3]
  * [Version1_3#Introduction Introduction]
  * [Version1_3#Requirements Requirements]
  * [Version1_3#How_to_use_this_program? How to use this program?]
  * [Version1_3#Libraries Libraries]
  * [Downloads Downloads]
   * [Download_1_3#Graphical_Version Graphical Version]
   * [Download_1_3#Version_1.3 Version 1.3]
  * [GraphicalVersion Friendly interface version]
   * [GraphicalVersion#Home_window Home window]
   * [GraphicalVersion#Queries_window Queries window]
   * [GraphicalVersion#Run Run]
  * [ConfigurationFile Configuration file]
   * [ConfigurationFile#Introduction Introduction]
   * [ConfigurationFile#How_to_write_the_configuration_file? How to write the configuration file?]
   * [ConfigurationFile#Database_description Database description]
   * [ConfigurationFile#Email_notification_description Email notification description]
   * [ConfigurationFile#Complete_configuration_file_example Complete configuration file example]
  * [SQLFile SQL file]
   * [SQLFile#Introduction Introduction]
   * [SQLFile#How_to_write_the_SQL_file? How to write the SQL file?]
    * [SQLFile#Source_statements Source statements]
    * [SQLFile#Target_statements Target statements]
   * [SQLFile#Complete_SQL_file_example Complete SQL file example]
  * [Logger Logger]
   * [Logger#Introduction Introduction]
   * [Logger#How_to_use_it? How to use it?]
   * [Logger#Levels Levels]
   * [Logger#Files Files]